# Linear Regression Salary Prediction

This project demonstrates linear regression for predicting salaries based on years of experience.

## Description

The project includes the following steps:

1. **Data Loading**: The salary dataset is loaded from a CSV file using pandas.

2. **Data Visualization**: A scatter plot is created to visualize the relationship between years of experience and salary.

3. **Model Training**: A linear regression model is trained using the sklearn library.

4. **Prediction**: Salary predictions are made using the trained model.

5. **Visualization**: A scatter plot is plotted for actual salaries, and a regression line is overlaid to visualize the model's predictions.

## Requirements

To run the project, you'll need:

- Python (version 3.9)
- pandas 
- scikit-learn 
- matplotlib 
- numpy 

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:
git clone https:https://github.com/MohamedHamdy549/LinearRegression.git

3. Place your CSV file containing the salary data in the project directory.

## Usage

1. Run the Python script `salary_prediction.py`.
2. Follow the instructions in the script to load data, visualize, train the model, make predictions, and visualize the results.

## Directory Structure

- `data/`: Contains the salary dataset.
- `plots/`: Contains plots generated by the script.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
